# exestack
Plugin template, generated by Argon.

For more information read the DevForum post:
> https://devforum.roblox.com/t/exestack-code-executor-snippets-and-more-scripting-utilities/2461653

## Contributing
> This is a draft and is subject to changes!

This plugin was ported using Argon, so you should use it when you are making changes. Instance data is stored in folders/directories and the associated `.data.json` file.

When submitting changes, make sure to check for the following:
* **DO NOT LET GUI CHANGES POLLUTE THE `default.project.json` FILE!**
* Update the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md), following the convention given by [Keep a Changelog](keepachangelog.com)
* Verify it works in both light and dark mode, as well as switch between them
* Verify that all experimental options work with your change
* Verify that element (that is and not including: byt, folder, snippet, etc...) creation, modification and deletion works as expected.
* Some modules are no longer used
  * `ClickField.luau` has been replaced by `Buttony.luau`
* When testing changes, there may be unexplained errors (such as errors in lines with no code). This is because Exestack does not currently clean its connections per update. 
  * This does not impact end users, it's just a problem on our end :)
  * To fix this, restart studio. Or submit a PR that fixes this. Your choice
    * Maybe Roblox fixed this? idk
* This is not an exhaustive list. There are definitely edge cases that I forgot about. I'll add them as I remember


## Getting Started
To build the place in the project root use:
```bash
argon build
```

To begin syncing open Roblox Studio and start Argon server using:
```bash
argon run
```
